Marqeta, Inc. | Investor FAQs Skip to main navigation Overview Events & News Release ESG Governance Stock information Financials & filings Resources Investor FAQs Show all What is the symbol and the exchange that the company trades under? Shares of our Class A Common Stock trade on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol “MQ”. When did Marqeta go public, at what price? How do I contact Marqeta’s stock transfer agent? How can I purchase Marqeta stock? Does Marqeta pay a dividend on its stock? When and where was Marqeta incorporated? Who are Marqeta’s independent auditors? How do I contact Investor Relations? RSS feeds RSS feeds Email alerts Email alerts Contact IR Contact IR Marqeta Cookie Notice We use cookies and related technologies (including those set by third parties) on our website to enable and improve your browsing experience, to understand our website visitors as well as for personalization and targeted advertising purposes. Your information may be recorded and/or shared with third parties for these purposes. While certain cookies are necessary to the functioning of this site, you can continue to browse without those other categories of cookies by clicking "Necessary Cookies Only". For more information, please see our Privacy Notice. Manage Cookie Settings Necessary Cookies Only Accept All Right to Opt Out of Sale, Sharing and Targeted Advertising Opt-Out Request Honored Your Privacy Strictly Necessary Cookies Optional Cookies Your Privacy We use cookies on our website to collect information about you, your preferences, or your device. You can click on the different cookie categories headings below to find out more and change the default setting according to your liking, except Strictly Necessary Cookies. Some of the cookies described below which are not Strictly Necessary are delivered by third parties, such as advertising networks, internet service providers, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, and social networks. Our relationships with these third parties and the types of cookies used may fall within the scope of a sale of personal data, cross-context behavioral advertising, or targeted advertising as defined by certain US state privacy laws. While you can opt-out of these third-party cookies by selecting "Necessary Cookies Only" below, your selection only applies to cookie-related activity on our site. We will also process opt-out requests submitted by an individual’s opt-out preference signal as required by applicable law. Our websites currently recognize opt out preference signals that comply with the Global Privacy Control specification. Please note that a Global Privacy Control-compliant signal will be specific to the device and browser you use when you opt out. For additional information on Marqeta's position on targeted advertising as well as "sales" or "sharing" under applicable US laws and your rights in these areas, please visit our state-specific addendums in our website Privacy Notice. Additional information about how cookies are used on our website can also be found in our Privacy Notice linked above. More information Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Optional Cookies Optional Cookies Inactive Under various US state laws, you have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal data to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalized ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Performance Cookies Switch Label label These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Switch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Functional Cookies Switch Label label These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Back Button Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Confirm My Choices Necessary Cookies Only Accept All [[SERVER_VISIBLE_LINK_DESTINATIONS_FOR_IDENTITY_ONLY]] https://www.marqeta.com/privacy https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies https://www.onetrust.com/solutions/consent-and-preferences/